hey it's Chris here with Bentley the
Maltese and we're going to do them in a
nice little puppy trim first we're going
to do the head so let's just tighten up
get that done first
alright and what we're focused on the
head this time is we're going to work
around the eyes and I don't like them to
have that really skin look in front of
their eyes so I'm going to use my juice
clipper and I'm going to set it at about
a 10 blade which is in the middle and I
what I'm doing is I'm just coming
straight across from inside corner the
inside corner of the eye and I'm also
going to come and just lightly trim
underneath the eye just in that little
pocket what that's going to do is it's
going to clean up any staining that the
dog might have there and that will open
up those eyes okay now a couple other
things you want to concentrate as far as
when you're working around the eyes is
that you want to make sure that you get
your eyelashes trimmed up and the best
way to do that is to just take your
finger and pull that coat away from the
eye and just clean that up sometimes
I'll even pull it tight pull the skin
back tight and come up here so that I
can get even closer to that eye then in
front of the eyes I like to take my
scissors and come down this would be a
good place for your blunt shears but if
you notice I kept the point way below
the eye and then take your blending
shears and clean anything that might be
sticking out in front of that eye okay
see how I did that I push that coat back
took my blending shear and just cleaned
that coat blended it so that it gives
you that really cute dark round eye
again eyelashes need to go these guys I
stains and all the eyelashes do is
collect learnt lint
dust and will cause more eye issues so
all right
that is cleaning up that Maltese round
head eyes